content/projects.md, before:

---
title: "Projects"
date: 2019-09-20T16:51:41+07:00
draft: false
---

My projects to date include:

## CubeSat Engineering Model

As part of Dr Tippawan Wanwiwake's research at the Geo-Informatics and Space Technology and Development Agency ([GISTDA](https://gistda.or.th/main/en)), I took part in assembling and programming an engineering model of a 1U CubeSat to examine the practicality and feasibility of adopting the platform to help in natural disaster tracking, management, and remediation.

## Rapper Lyrics Matching Model

A text classification program that modelled rap lyrics using various algorithms including Decision Trees, Multinomial Naive Bayes, and Vector Space Model. It then allows users to enter in their own lyrics or words and outputs the artist with the closest matching lyrics features.

## Python Libraries

- [cardvalidate](https://github.com/tansawit/cardvalidate) - A Python package to check credit card issuer and validate card number and CVV using Luhn's algorithm and RegEx. Available on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/cardvalidate/)

## My macOS Workflow

I share my [macOS](https://github.com/tansawit/my-mac-setup) personal setup that includes all the applications and tools that I use. Along with that is my [dotfiles](https://github.com/tansawit/dotfiles) containing the configuration files for my terminal and editors.

Commit message:

added notebook header and simpon dataset link

content/projects.md, after:

---
title: "Projects"
date: 2019-09-20T16:51:41+07:00
draft: false
---

My projects to date include:

## CubeSat Engineering Model

As part of Dr Tippawan Wanwiwake's research at the Geo-Informatics and Space Technology and Development Agency ([GISTDA](https://gistda.or.th/main/en)), I took part in assembling and programming an engineering model of a 1U CubeSat to examine the practicality and feasibility of adopting the platform to help in natural disaster tracking, management, and remediation.

## Rapper Lyrics Matching Model

A text classification program that modelled rap lyrics using various algorithms including Decision Trees, Multinomial Naive Bayes, and Vector Space Model. It then allows users to enter in their own lyrics or words and outputs the artist with the closest matching lyrics features.

## Data Notebooks

Some of the data visualization/analysis projects I did using various open datasets:
- [Simpsons Guest Stars](https://github.com/tansawit/data-visualization/blob/master/simpsons-guest/simpons_star.ipynb) - Python Jupyter Notebook how to process and analyze rfordatascience' tidytuesday the Simpsons Guest Stars Dataset

## Python Libraries

- [cardvalidate](https://github.com/tansawit/cardvalidate) - A Python package to check credit card issuer and validate card number and CVV using Luhn's algorithm and RegEx. Available on [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/cardvalidate/)

## My macOS Workflow

I share my [macOS](https://github.com/tansawit/my-mac-setup) personal setup that includes all the applications and tools that I use. Along with that is my [dotfiles](https://github.com/tansawit/dotfiles) containing the configuration files for my terminal and editors.
